sometimes speaks about himself/herself in 3rd person
mutters poetry under his/her breath
is susceptible to malapropisms (an act or habit of misusing words ridiculously, especially by the confusion of words that are similar in sound) or spoonerisms (an accidental transposition of initial consonant sounds or parts of words)
excessively uses initials or acronyms for common and uncommon phrases and doesn’t bother to explain them
compulsively interrupts people telling stories to interject facts about the story that he or she only knows because they have been told the story before, not because they were involved with it
makes up random lies about unimportant things for no reason
regularly mispronounces a certain word or uses redundant terms
when stressed or lying, speaks from the corner of his or her mouth
mutters spells or curses under his/her breath
corrects people when they use colloquial speech
whistles
ends declarative sentences with an interrogative inflection?
makes noises like “pow!” or “whap!” while doing everyday things
uses big words to impress listeners
doesn’t talk much, and uses short simple words when he/she does speak
talks very softly, especially when involved in major arguments
never uses contractions
calls everyone by a pet name (ex. babe, sweetie, doll)
repeats a common adage constantly (ex. never count your chickens before they’re hatched!)
often mixes up sayings (ex. never count your chickens until the fat lady sings!)
in conversation, if a word has slipped his/her mind, he/she will stop to think of it and will not give up until he/she finally recalls the right word
distracted easily during conversation
puts hand on someone else’s hand/arm/shoulder/leg as much as possible when talking
often seems to go out of his way to answer the exact question that was asked of him instead what the questioner obviously meant
tells ”stories” with no point or conclusion
argues points with people who agree with him/her
is fond of malapropisms, or cannot help making them (ex. psychotic for psychic)
hates quiet pauses in conversations
taunts foes
laughs to himself/herself at intervals, for no apparent reason
affects a consumptive cough
hesitates before speaking, always considers his/her words first
always lets out an involuntary nervous laugh before talking
always laughs at his/her own jokes
likes to use metaphor in nearly every sentence
likes to make references to historical examples of a situation as much as possible
tells dirty jokes, even when not appropriate
stutters when excited
poor vocabulary, spelling, and grammar
makes derogatory comments about people who aren’t there
voice gets higher when he/she drinks
talks to himself/herself
talks to inanimate objects
speaks without an discernible accent
constantly interrupts others
speaks with poetic flair
grunts for ”yes”, snarls for ”no”, shrugs for ”maybe”
cackles
talks about objects as if they were people
always gives the vaguest possible answer to questions
always speaks at far too high a volume
conversations always turns to a particular or peculiar topic (ex. cats)
never speaks unless spoken to
always answers a question with a question
always complains
always talks about his/her lost love
constantly tells jokes that aren’t funny
mispronounces names
has difficulty answering a question directly
uses the word ”weasel” in conversation far too often.
mumbles or mutters instead of speaking clearly
always talks of ”the good old days”
always opens conversation on a new subject with the same phrase (ex. ”funny, i don’t know how i got to think of this, but…”)
swears at the least opportunity 
Likes to drink a hot cup of tea before bedtime.
Detests Pirates.
Unfailingly courteous.
Committed to the "Natural" Way and getting back to "Nature."
Always speaks in a calm, cool voice, especially when enraged.
Detests barbarians and savage behavior.
Likes travel by water.
Likes to tell tall tales and/or bad jokes.
Enjoys Rough Housing
Easily swayed by a pretty face.
Has a favored alcoholic drink that they drink frequently
Keeps a journal.
Likes (or dislikes) to entertain.
Never forgets a favor or a debt owed.
Somewhat supersititious.
Talks to his equipment and gives them pet names
Never throws anything away, a pack rat.
Will never replace anything that can be repaired.
Believes that dirt is healthy and washing or bathing is bad for you.
Hates "Roughing it."
Health nut.
Has a fear of fire.
Uncomfortable around a certain sex.
Likes (or dislikes) all animals.
Bristles at being "called names" (or a certain nickname).
Always buying new clothes
Doesn't know how to dance.
Prone to drinking binges.
Doesn't drink alcohol.
Dislikes crowds.
Likes crowds
Exercise nut.
Humorless.
Collects military insignia.
Sings old songs all the time.
Keeps clothes impeccable.
Collects tools of the trade.
Tries to project a crisp, businesslike manner.
Can't resist a dare.
Early riser.
Late riser
Always wears gloves in public.
Likes to read books.
Enjoys friendly rivalry with others.
Avid fisherman.
likes to go on long walks.
Likes to take things apart to see how they work.
Dislikes listening to music.
Likes to give small gifts, may be offended if not appreciated.
Fancies self a womanizer.
Changes hair color weekly.
Keeps up with fasion fads.
Uses terms of Endearment when angry. 
Likes tattoos.
Distrusts everyone not in his own party.
Falls into military "At ease" stance when relaxed.
Always sits with his back to the wall.
Vegetarian 2 days a week
Craves red meat
Sweet tooth
Dislikes chocolate
Hates broccoli
Hates onions
Really likes Ice cream 
Uses fork and knife only with his left hand
Likes tea
Doesn't drink alcohol
Only loves one type of food. Such as Pizza and Beer.
Won't drink booze, but will usually taste any *unknown* substance
Prefers to eat out every meal
Hates chinese food
doesnt like fish
Always eats when working, always carry snacks
only drinks tea
sucks on lemon-flavored candy; offers some to people upon meeting.
always carries an apple
Looks for worms in all fruit.
Cuts dessert in half and pours pepper on one half so it won't all be eaten
Will wait for a booth at a restaurant rather than sit at a table or counter.
Likes garlic and puts it in everything.
Dislikes Strong Liquor
Fond of Drink
Strict carnivore
Likes to taste new types of food
Refuses to use his left hand when eating
Like to sleep late
Early riser
Sleeps in the nude
Sleeps in flannel pajamas
Needs soft music in background to get to sleep quickly
Likes to sleep
Wakes at night to check on a prized possession
Always sleep with the windows wide open
Sleeps with a teddy bear
Dislikes sleeping
Needs milk and honey before sleeping
Needs a story before sleeping
Has nightmares
Has a prominent collection
Always speaks about [adj]ness of things eg deadness of stones in a game of go, the buggedness of programs, beautifulness
Always answers a question with another.
Tells children stories about the "Children Hawk."
Tells people: "I'll learn ya!
Consistently noticeably late
Consistently noticeably early
Particularly enjoys a certain terrible food
Hates puns
Hates fads
Loves puns
Loves fads